In the event a minor commits a serious
criminal offense...
police authorities may seek to shield
the minor's family...
from excessive media scrutiny
and public hostility.
This protection is given to prevent members
of the accused's family...
from taking their own lives
in response to the trauma.
Such suicides have occurred in the past.
Authorities have not admitted to
this practice.
"Nobody to Watch Over Me"
January 24, 3:25 p.m.
Thank you for waiting.
I'll get your change.
You could buy love for that.
Quiet.
It's so not you.
It's for my daughter.
You'd score more points buying that
for your wife.
Precisely why it's for my daughter.
Now shut up.
Mishima
Get my change.
Katsuura-san!
Where've you been hiding?
You're looking good.
Been eating well? Prospering?
Not so fast.
I've been looking for you, Toru.
Know that new Indian restaurant?
Yeah... I mean, no.
You had the nice folks in tears.
I don't know it.
Why don't we talk at my place?
It' II be fun.
I'd rather not.
Then stay away from that shop.
I will.
OK, Mishima. Release him.
Back to your river.
Damn, I crushed it.
Precinct's calling.
Katsuura here.
You think we're needed for that
investigation that just opened?
No. It's not our division.
But we're being called in.
Not me. I'm off work in two days.
Family vacation, was it?
Possibly our last one.
Why's that?
My daughter tipped me off that my wife
has divorce papers ready.
My blood's curdling.
That explains the nice gift for
your daughter.
She's on my side.
She planned the trip to save the family.
That's touching. Can I ask her out?
If you have a death wish.
Now my blood's curdling.
I may be too late.
3:50 p.m.
Listen up! The guy that killed
two grade school sisters is only 18.
He's a minor.
Keep that in mind when covering this story.
You're late, Umemoto.
I caught my son's cold.
The teen was arrested in his home.
They're already live!
The two grade sisters were stabbed
to death...
in a nearby park last month.
Police are about to arrest an
18-year-old male.
We're outside his home.
Man, they're fast.
So go dig up something good.
I'll hit the victims' parents.
I already sent someone.
Check out the suspect's area.
Talk to his family, their friends.
The suspect's?
You broke a government scandal.
This should be easy.
Let's move.
I want final drafts in by 1:00 a.m.!
4:35 p.m.
"East Toshima Police Station"
The suspect's family?
Orders from Head of Investigations.
You're to protect the suspect's family.
Come again?
Why protect them?
Why not the victim's family?
Like I said, "orders."
What do we protect them from, Chief?
You'll see.
Chief! I put in a request for a vacation
starting day after tomorrow.
Cancel it.
I left good whiskey on your desk.
Where'd you get that?
It was forced on me. I don't take money.
This won't take two days. Let's go!
Chief!
If the trip is off...
the family is done for.
My blood's curdling.
5: 14 p.m.
What's this?
Moments ago, the man believed to have
murdered two school girls...
is an 18-year-old boy who lives with
his family in this home.
Word is he has just been arrested.
The 18-year-old boy has just been arrested.
This is what you protect against.
The media will prey on the suspect's family.
It could drive some to suicide.
But we need them alive for questioning.
Understood?
Coming through.
We're reporting live.
The front door just opened!
He's appeared! The suspect, the young man,
has appeared!
What was your motive?
Why'd you do it?
Apologize!
Did you target the sisters?
Did you know them?
Back door!
Hey, Mishima!
Violent Crime Division,
East Toshima Precinct here.
Good, we've been waiting.
Come in. Quickly.
Keep it down!
A complaint.
Disconnect the phone. And the doorbell.
Get me a screwdriver.
Not our boy!
It's not possible. This is ridiculous.
It's some kind of mistake!
Naoto wouldn't harm anyone.
Do you know what kind of life
your son was leading?
I was a strict parent.
How's it outside?
Swarming with press.
They're having a field day!
They've arrived.
I'm from Family Court.
Toshima Ward Office.
Hurry.
The daughter?
What's going on?
Saori.
Saori!
Please, dear.
Before we begin the questioning,
please know that...
we're here to protect you
from the mass media onslaught.
Now, although your son is a minor...
it's possible his real name will be
made public.
You may be viewed as the "killer's family"
wherever you go.
We advise a divorce now to return your wife
to her maiden name.
Divorce?
Just as a prudent measure.
We've brought the papers for you to sign.
Now hold on a second.
Sign here.
Murderer!
Show yourself, Funamura!
Come out and apologize!
Sign here.
People furious with your son will follow you.
They'll follow you forever.
Okay, ma'am.
OK, the divorce is finalized.
Now for the new marriage registration.
We'll now enter the husband's name
on the wife's family register.
Sign here.
Ma'am, here.
On this line.
As "Ono", yes.
Your family name has been changed
from "Funamura" to "Ono."
Your son will remain on the old family
register. Sign here, please.
I'm from the Education Board. Sign this, too.
Ordinarily, court permission is required.
But the court approves this divorce
and marriage under a special provision.
That is all.
The daughter, too, assumes her mother's
maiden name of "Ono."
Wait.
What is it?
What about my brother's name?
The police will announce it as "Funamura."
So he alone gets left with a different name?
He's family. We can't do that.
I'm afraid you can't attend school
for a while.
Why? Why can't I go to school?
I'll confirm the paperwork over there.
We will be separating you for
your own safety.
Take the father to the Tango Hotel
for questioning. Avoid the media.
Take the girl to the Felicity Hotel.
Don't forget a change of clothes.
A hotel? Not back to the precinct?
The media is already there.
We don't want them photographed.
Plus, they are not suspects.
Questioning a minor at the station
risks a civil rights infringement.
Understood.
Shall we go?
Mom, wait for him to come home.
Let's wait for him here.
Mom?
Your mother will help us search the house.
Mishima, get the car.
Get what you need.
No, I want to stay. I have to stay!
Mom!
There's no time.
No!
Mom!
Don't run off!
Apologize to the victims' family!
Who was in the car?
The father!
The others are leaving, too!
Where are they?
Umemoto-san! They're moving the family!
We're going to the car.
It's the sister!
Clear the way!
You're his sister, right?
Let us through!
Tell us about your brother!
Katsuura-san!
Clear the road!
Were you two close?
Tell us about him!
What was he like?
Just a word or two!
Mishima! Go!
Move!
I'll run you over!
Follow them!
I know that detective.
Media's on our tail. Lose them.
Mishima.
Damn!
Police! Close the lot!
"No Vacancy"
You're not full!
Open up!
We'll pay for any photo of the suspect!
10,000 yen!
Umemoto-san! Cop cars have been spotted
outside a Shinjuku hotel.
They must've moved the family there!
I've seen that detective before.
7:35 p.m.
9Room 930... 930.
Who is it?
Detective Katsuura.
Enter.
It's okay.
Have a seat.
Sit here.
What?
Just some questions.
What do you remember about Thursday,
December 6?
That morning.
Did your brother speak to you?
Try to remember!
Open up!
We know she's in there. Let us talk to her!
What now?
Get her out and call us later.
Mishima!
Let's go.
What're you doing?
Move aside!
Let us interview her!
Give her room.
Why the escort?
Hey, watch it!
- What's her brother like?
- How should I know?
People want to know!
No photos!
Why take photos of me?
They'll hound you forever, remember?
Gotcha.
Head toward Suginami Ward.
Yes, Sir.
We're going to your relatives.
They'll hide you.
"Random Stabbing in Ikebukuro"
Hey, Sayama!
I need a cop's address.
I'll try.
I think I can get an interview with the cop
who took the girl.
9:30 p.m.
Not here, too.
Auntie?
Hello? Katsuura here.
We can't go to the relatives.
What?
Where now?
Don't know yet.
They want you back at the house.
They're shorthanded.
What about her?
Come.
Where are we?
Get out.
10:08 p.m.
This is your place?
Come in.
Quickly! Don't just stand there.
Inside.
This is Katsuura. Where do I take the sister?
We're looking. Hide until we call you.
Hello? Hello?
We have to sit tight and wait for orders.
I forgot something.
Forgot what?
My cell phone.
Where?
Home. Can I get it?
Nope. You'll be seen.
If the police find it, will they look at it?
Do you email your brother?
No.
It's got personal stuff.
I'd die of embarrassment.
My girls were so looking forward to
going skiing next month.
They just happened to be there.
Why'd they have to die for it?
I've lost everything.
I got the detective's address!
From a police press club reporter.
Detective Katsuura lives apart
from his family.
10:50 p.m.
One more.
Funamura
Check this, too.
Gotcha.
Find anything?
Open the ceiling.
Katsuura-san!
What're you doing here?
Where's the sister?
She's safe with someone.
Excuse me.
Excuse me!
Are you a cop?
Non.
Family?
Then who?
He said you'd die if they read your email.
Found it.
Check her email.
Kids these days are wanton.
And this is what it leads to.
My kid does the same thing.
Really. I'd shoot any boy she brings home.
Just email from friends.
This bodyguard thing may drag out.
How so?
Her brother isn't talking at all.
No confession yet?
We thought he'd break quickly.
His prints are on the weapon,
and he was seen with the victims.
What does the father say?
That he ran a disciplined household.
He didn't spare the rod
when helping the kid cram for exams.
But he knew nothing of the crime.
There's nothing that'll elicit a
quick confession.
I'll see ya.
Katsuura-san.
A message from the Chief.
The folks weren't home, but the sister was.
She must've seen him.
Yeah?
You're to get a statement from her
before the investigators.
I'm just supposed to guard her.
It's not that simple.
Chief is looking to move up the ladder.
A career move, huh?
My blood's curdling.
Ma'am?
What's going on?
Locked herself in.
Ma'am?
Are you all right, ma'am?
Please open up, ma'am.
We're opening the door.
Can you hear me, ma'am?
Give it here.
Get back!
Mishima! Help me!
What's going on?
The mother's killed herself.
She breathing?
No, she's not.
Call an ambulance!
What were you doing?
Call an ambulance, idiot!
Stay with me!
- Call HQ?
- Not yet.
Well, do it! Now!
Breathe!
I told you to watch her!
Sorry.
Nothing.
Come on!
Damn it!
Welcome back!
Her privacy's intact.
Now she won't kill herself.
You be quiet.
Be nice. I'm here as a favor.
Doctor, a word.
Oui. I'm a doctor. He's my patient.
"Was that your brother on TV?"
Her mother?
Yeah. We couldn't save her.
She doesn't know yet?
Should I tell her?
You're a psychiatrist. Tell me.
Tough call. She could panic.
But she'll find out sooner or later.
I'll tell her.
Thanks.
Let's go to my place.
I have sedatives if we need them.
You okay?
Yeah.
"Wow, your brother, a killer?
He was so quiet."
Don't worry, Saori.
Hop in.
Driver, follow that car.
12:25 a.m.
Saori? Can we talk?
Feel okay?
Yeah.
Maybe you could tell me what's going through
your mind right now.
What do you want?
Saori, I have to tell you something
about your mother.
Is she still at home?
Please let me see her.
Saori, listen...
From Tatsuro.
Hello?
I read about it on the Internet.
You all right?
Yeah.
Where are you?
I'm with a policeman.
Did your brother... really do it?
And your mom...
My mom what?
You don't know? She committed suicide.
It was on the news.
Tatsuro?
My parents. I'll call again later.
My mom?
Saori?
Is my mom dead?
I was just...
Really?
You knew? But you didn't tell me?
I was about to.
Why didn't you tell me?
How could she?
She was with the police, right?
What were they doing?
Please...
I hate them!
Listen!
She hung herself in the bathroom.
I tried to revive her, but it was too late.
I want to see her. Where is she?
I can't.
No. I will see her!
Saori, wait!
Easy, Saori! Breathe!
Why did you do this to us?!
She didn't do anything wrong!
Neither did I!
My brother committed the crime, right?
Give me back my mother!
Get her back!
You have to get her back!
Yes?
We know who's with you.
Police.
I know. Detective Katsuura.
You are?
Umemoto of the Towa Newspaper.
How'd you find us?
You have the sister. Talk to us.
Don't.
Let us see her.
She's not involved.
Yes, she is. She's family.
She should apologize.
Forget it.
Find something else to cover.
We just might.
Like what you did three years ago.
You let a crazed drug addict
walk the streets.
An innocent child got killed.
What's your point?
That you shelter criminals
for your investigations.
And you use tax money to do it.
Look at the mess it creates, too.
Your responsibility is to us!
The victims have a family, too!
They want the killer's family to atone
for what happened!
To pay with their very lives!
What, you want the girl dead?
It's only natural she be punished.
Get the hell out of here.
I'll be back tomorrow.
I put her to sleep.
She'll be out until morning.
She's still struggling to understand
her situation.
How to deal with her brother...
and her mother's death.
Too much for a 15-year-old.
Here, cold medicine.
Caught it from your son, huh?
Yeah, he never leaves the house.
Isn't he in middle school?
He doesn't go.
He gets bullied.
I'm sorry.
The school abandons him,
and protects the bullies.
Like the police.
2: 10 a.m.
"Sister Homicides Special Investigations"
"Naoto Funamura"
What are you doing here?
Awaiting my next orders.
There won't be any.
What?
We'll handle the sister.
Did she say anything?
How could she? We were too busy running.
Well, hurry and get something on her brother.
Get it yourself. I'll bring her in.
Your family vacation?
That's not it!
I've no place to hide her.
And getting statements is not my job.
It is now.
Any proof of her brother's guilt.
Then call me.
I'll give it to Special Investigations.
Then let me take her to see her mother.
Not before her statement.
Use that to get her talking.
I'm out.
I'm not interested in helping you
score points.
Katsuura!
We failed to protect her mother!
The press is taking us
to task for "protecting criminals."
Besides, I can't protect anyone.
You're in the morning paper.
Over an old can of worms.
It led to a suspension once.
This time, you could lose your badge.
"Police Criminal Protection: What Justice?"
I'm moving in.
Don't worry. I'll take care of you this time.
Take the sister and leave Tokyo.
Go somewhere the media isn't.
7:20 a.m.,
Day Two Under Protection
Morning.
Know where you're going?
Saori, if you need a friend, call me.
What's that?
Present for my daughter.
I see.
No skipping out on your counseling.
I won't.
Stay with her till it's over, will you?
"Toshima sister slayings"
"Another killing by a minor..."
"No mercy for murderers!"
"Hang the kid!"
"Any information appreciated!"
"We won't stand for this!"
"Don't mess with us!"
"The perp's name is Naoto Funamura, 18."
"From 'Daimajin'"
"Got his name!"
"Suspect's address is 4-7-14 Takada!"
"Great work guys!"
"Bad eggs, man!"
"Posting a photo of the perp!"
"Expose the hell out of 'em!"
Not hungry, huh?
You've got to keep your strength.
So you're 15.
Still a child, but facing adulthood.
So I'll treat you as an adult, okay?
Granted, your situation is harsh.
I wish I could do something to help.
But my job is to keep you hidden.
You know your job, right?
It's to tell me about your brother.
He refuses to speak.
He's admitted nothing.
Really?
On the day of the crime,
you were at home, right?
What did you see when he came home?
In the grade school sister murders that
has gripped the nation...
an 18-year-old boy has been arrested.
Soon afterwards, the suspect's mother
committed suicide...
which is raising questions about
police handling of the situation.
A newspaper column this morning about
police mishandlings...
Excuse me. Could you change the channel?
Including one 3 years ago in which a
4-year-old boy was stabbed to death...
by a drug-addled man, all under the watch
of a police detective...
who had been tailing the man.
The case drew criticism as police
neglect of public safety.
Sources say that same detective
is currently in charge of...
protecting the anonymity
of the suspect's sister.
Should the police be giving aid
to the suspect's family members?
Let's go.
Come on.
Don't forget that the mother killed herself
while surrounded by police.
This was an egregious and careless mistake.
What?
Stop staring.
Fine, suit yourself.
Run off, then. Go take care of yourself.
But out there...
no one will look after you.
Hello?
Dad?
Mina.
Sorry I didn't return your email.
Ready for the trip?
I'm still working.
You reserved the B&B, right?
I'm protecting a girl.
A girl?
About your age.
Dad?
I'm leaving Tokyo.
What? We leave tomorrow!
I'll call you later.
It's too dangerous. I'm arresting him.
Not yet. Follow him to his dealer.
I have to!
No!
I lost him.
Damn it!